Warnings:
WaterTempSensor 01: unusual temperature value measured: xx.x °C. Check water temperature sensor.

The temperature measured by the water temperature sensor is outside the expected range.

Possible causes of this warning:
- water temperature sensor is not connected
- water temperature sensor is malfunctioning.

Severity: low.

Maintenance required: make sure the sensor is plugged in, the wire is not damaged, and the sensor is in the water of the reservoir. If all looks good, replace sensor.


WaterLevelSensor 01: the reservoir is almost empty, and is in urgent need of a refill.

The water level sensor shows the reservoir water level is very low. At this stage, the water circulation to the crops is halted to prevent pumps from running dry.

Possible causes:
- the water inlet is malfunctioning, and no water is being added to the reservoir.
- the water level sensor is malfunctioning, and it shows low level while there actually still is water in the reservoir.

Severity: medium

Maintenance required: check the actual water level in the reservoir. If low, check the water inlet system. If sufficient, check the water level sensor.


pHSensor 01: unusual pH level measured: xx.xx. Check sensor.




pHSensor 02: pH level is too high; correction with pH adjuster is urgently needed.



pHMinus 01: pH did not go down as expected after running the pump. pH- bottle may be empty.
Logging 01: can not transmit messages or data: database login invalid.
Logging 02: can not transmit messages or data: connection failed.
Fertiliser 01: fertiliser did not go up as expected after running the pumps. Fertiliser bottles may be empty.
ECSensor 01: EC level is too low; additional fertiliser is urgently needed.
ECSensor 02: EC level is exceptionally high: xx.xx mS/cm. Check sensor.
ECSensor 03: EC sensor not detected.
Drainage 01: reservoir fill level too high for more than 2 minutes; draining the excess.
Drainage 02: Automatic draining sequence not completed in 20 minutes; possible pump malfunction.
Drainage 03: drainage of the excess not completed within 20 minutes; possible malfunction.


Errors:
WaterTempSensor 10: no DS18B20 temperature sensor found.
Reservoir 10: float switch triggered, reservoir water level is critically high.
Reservoir 11: shortly after the reservoir was topped up, water level dropped below the minimum already.
Reservoir 12: water level >5% over maxFill within 5 minutes of starting to fill the reservoir. Suspected problem with the filling system.
